README.md, before:

# Mazi

![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pemre/mazi?style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/pemre/mazi?style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/awesome%3F-yes-green.svg?style=flat-square)

Emre's various scripts, websites, logos, apps bygone...

## Apps

| Name                                     | Date       | Description                                             |
|------------------------------------------|------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| [Bayat Ekmek](./app%20-%20bayat%20ekmek) | 15.10.2015 | An unfinished mobile app about recipes with stale bread |

## Business cards

| Name                                         | Date       | Description                                       |
|----------------------------------------------|------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| [Fa Yapı](./business%20card%20-%20fa%20yapi) | 15.09.2017 | The business card of Fa Yapı construction company |

## Catalogs

| Name                                     | Date       | Description                                                             |
|------------------------------------------|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [TRS Lines](./catalog%20-%20trs%20lines) | 09.01.2013 | The travel catalogs of TRS Lines from 2013 to 2014: http://trslines.com |

## Logos

| Name                                                        | Date       | Description                                                                                                                                                    |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Datça Naturel Evler](./logo%20-%20datca%20naturel%20evler) | 13.07.2011 | The logo of Datça Naturel Evler touristic bungalows. This is the earliest date I could find on the Wayback Machine. Probably the original asset was way older. |
| [Fa Yapı](./logo%20-%20fa%20yapi)                           | 03.07.2017 | The logo of Fa Yapı construction company                                                                                                                       |

## Pixel art

| Name                                                 | Date       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|------------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Komutan Kenan](./pixel%20art%20-%20komutan%20kenan) | 09.02.2017 | "İstanbul'un gerçek fatihi Kenan Komutan'ın bir oyunu olsa dedim ve öylesine bir çizim yaptım. Ortaya bu karakter çıktı: ![](./pixel%20art%20-%20komutan%20kenan/pixel_art_komutan_kenan_bg_o.gif)" |

## Scripts

| Name                                                                                             | Date       | Description                                                                                                                                                |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [batch-downloader-with-custom-name.sh](./scripts/batch-downloader-with-custom-name.sh)           | 14.10.2014 | Reads each line of `res.txt` and downloads them as `line.jpg`.                                                                                             |
| [creative-escape-room-script.sh](./scripts/creative-escape-room-script.sh)                       | 26.11.2015 | Prompts user and shows texts/images, plays videos depending on the input. An attempt to create an interactive helper for a physical escape room with a pc. |
| [indir-dizi-behzat-c.py](./scripts/indir-dizi-behzat-c.py)                                       | 16.03.2013 | Downloads episodes of Turkish series [Behzat Ç. Bir Ankara Polisiyesi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behzat_%C3%87._Bir_Ankara_Polisiyesi).                |
| [indir-dizi-leyla-ile-mecnun.sh](./scripts/indir-dizi-leyla-ile-mecnun.sh)                       | 22.01.2017 | Downloads episodes of Turkish series [Leyla ile Mecnun](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leyla_and_Mecnun).                                                   |
| [indir-haber-bbc-turkce-aksam-haberleri.sh](./scripts/indir-haber-bbc-turkce-aksam-haberleri.sh) | 11.12.2008 | Downloads daily podcast of BBC Turkish evening news which has ended as of 27.05.2011.                                                                      |
| [indir-haber-rfi.sh](./scripts/indir-haber-rfi.sh)                                               | 27.02.2013 | Downloads daily podcast of Journal en français facile.                                                                                                     |
| [video-converter-for-creative-zen.sh](./scripts/video-converter-for-creative-zen.sh)             | 26.04.2010 | Converts given video file into 320p format that portable media player [Creative Zen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zen_(portable_media_player)) supports.  |

## Websites

| Name                                              | Date       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|---------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Çevir](./website%20-%20cevir/)                   | 05.09.2018 | "Aradiginiz metin once Google ile Ingilizce'ye cevrilecek. Metin dili otomatik olarak belirleniyor, Turkce de olabilir Hollandaca da... Ingilizce sonuc ise Tureng'de tekrar Turkce'ye cevrilecek." |
| [Edu Teknoloji](./website%20-%20edu%20teknoloji/) | 25.10.2016 | The website of Edu Teknoloji company: http://eduteknoloji.com.tr/                                                                                                                                   |
| [Fa Yapı](./website%20-%20fa%20yapi/)             | 23.05.2017 | The website of Fa Yapı construction company: http://famodern.com.tr/                                                                                                                                |
| [Haberler](./website%20-%20haberler/)             | 27.03.2017 | An early version of NeHaber. Probably older than 2017, it's the last modified date I could found.                                                                                                   |
| [Manşetler](./website%20-%20mansetler/)           | 11.09.2014 | Another early version of NeHaber. Probably older than 2014 (at least 2013), it's the last modified date I could found.                                                                              |
| [Maximum](./website%20-%20maximum/)               | 03.11.2016 | The campaign website of Maximum credit card, by Turkey's biggest private bank: https://www.maximum.com.tr                                                                                           |
| [Verapi](./website%20-%20verapi/)                 | 02.03.2017 | The website of API Portal app, a Verapi Software service: https://apiportal.com/                                                                                                                    |

Commit message:

Add website: Datça Naturel Evler

README.md, after:

# Mazi

![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pemre/mazi?style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/pemre/mazi?style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/awesome%3F-yes-green.svg?style=flat-square)

Emre's various scripts, websites, logos, apps bygone...

## Apps

| Name                                     | Date       | Description                                             |
|------------------------------------------|------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| [Bayat Ekmek](./app%20-%20bayat%20ekmek) | 15.10.2015 | An unfinished mobile app about recipes with stale bread |

## Business cards

| Name                                         | Date       | Description                                       |
|----------------------------------------------|------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| [Fa Yapı](./business%20card%20-%20fa%20yapi) | 15.09.2017 | The business card of Fa Yapı construction company |

## Catalogs

| Name                                     | Date       | Description                                                             |
|------------------------------------------|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [TRS Lines](./catalog%20-%20trs%20lines) | 09.01.2013 | The travel catalogs of TRS Lines from 2013 to 2014: http://trslines.com |

## Logos

| Name                                                        | Date       | Description                                                                                                                                                    |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Datça Naturel Evler](./logo%20-%20datca%20naturel%20evler) | 13.07.2011 | The logo of Datça Naturel Evler touristic bungalows. This is the earliest date I could find on the Wayback Machine. Probably the original asset was way older. |
| [Fa Yapı](./logo%20-%20fa%20yapi)                           | 03.07.2017 | The logo of Fa Yapı construction company                                                                                                                       |

## Pixel art

| Name                                                 | Date       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|------------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Komutan Kenan](./pixel%20art%20-%20komutan%20kenan) | 09.02.2017 | "İstanbul'un gerçek fatihi Kenan Komutan'ın bir oyunu olsa dedim ve öylesine bir çizim yaptım. Ortaya bu karakter çıktı: ![](./pixel%20art%20-%20komutan%20kenan/pixel_art_komutan_kenan_bg_o.gif)" |

## Scripts

| Name                                                                                             | Date       | Description                                                                                                                                                |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [batch-downloader-with-custom-name.sh](./scripts/batch-downloader-with-custom-name.sh)           | 14.10.2014 | Reads each line of `res.txt` and downloads them as `line.jpg`.                                                                                             |
| [creative-escape-room-script.sh](./scripts/creative-escape-room-script.sh)                       | 26.11.2015 | Prompts user and shows texts/images, plays videos depending on the input. An attempt to create an interactive helper for a physical escape room with a pc. |
| [indir-dizi-behzat-c.py](./scripts/indir-dizi-behzat-c.py)                                       | 16.03.2013 | Downloads episodes of Turkish series [Behzat Ç. Bir Ankara Polisiyesi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behzat_%C3%87._Bir_Ankara_Polisiyesi).                |
| [indir-dizi-leyla-ile-mecnun.sh](./scripts/indir-dizi-leyla-ile-mecnun.sh)                       | 22.01.2017 | Downloads episodes of Turkish series [Leyla ile Mecnun](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leyla_and_Mecnun).                                                   |
| [indir-haber-bbc-turkce-aksam-haberleri.sh](./scripts/indir-haber-bbc-turkce-aksam-haberleri.sh) | 11.12.2008 | Downloads daily podcast of BBC Turkish evening news which has ended as of 27.05.2011.                                                                      |
| [indir-haber-rfi.sh](./scripts/indir-haber-rfi.sh)                                               | 27.02.2013 | Downloads daily podcast of Journal en français facile.                                                                                                     |
| [video-converter-for-creative-zen.sh](./scripts/video-converter-for-creative-zen.sh)             | 26.04.2010 | Converts given video file into 320p format that portable media player [Creative Zen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zen_(portable_media_player)) supports.  |

## Websites

| Name                                                            | Date       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Çevir](./website%20-%20cevir/)                                 | 05.09.2018 | "Aradiginiz metin once Google ile Ingilizce'ye cevrilecek. Metin dili otomatik olarak belirleniyor, Turkce de olabilir Hollandaca da... Ingilizce sonuc ise Tureng'de tekrar Turkce'ye cevrilecek." |
| [Datça Naturel Evler](./website%20-%20datca%20naturel%20evler/) | 13.07.2011 | The website of Datça Naturel Evler touristic bungalows: http://www.datcanaturelevler.com/ This is the earliest date I could find on the Wayback Machine. Probably the original asset was way older. |
| [Edu Teknoloji](./website%20-%20edu%20teknoloji/)               | 25.10.2016 | The website of Edu Teknoloji company: http://eduteknoloji.com.tr/                                                                                                                                   |
| [Fa Yapı](./website%20-%20fa%20yapi/)                           | 23.05.2017 | The website of Fa Yapı construction company: http://famodern.com.tr/                                                                                                                                |
| [Haberler](./website%20-%20haberler/)                           | 27.03.2017 | An early version of NeHaber. Probably older than 2017, it's the last modified date I could found.                                                                                                   |
| [Manşetler](./website%20-%20mansetler/)                         | 11.09.2014 | Another early version of NeHaber. Probably older than 2014 (at least 2013), it's the last modified date I could found.                                                                              |
| [Maximum](./website%20-%20maximum/)                             | 03.11.2016 | The campaign website of Maximum credit card, by Turkey's biggest private bank: https://www.maximum.com.tr                                                                                           |
| [Verapi](./website%20-%20verapi/)                               | 02.03.2017 | The website of API Portal app, a Verapi Software service: https://apiportal.com/                                                                                                                    |
